








# 口语





# 阅读







# 写作

## Part 1 综合写作

### TPO1 综合写作

【关于一周工作4天的政策】

The author in the reading holds that it is necessary to offer employees a chance to choose **to work** a four-day week, while the lecturer expresses an opposite opinion. 

To begin with, the author claims that **company profits will be brought by** （表达不好） shortened workweek since less working time means fewer costly errors. 

》increase company profits because less time spent working can lead to fewer costly errors

And the company can hire more employees with the same amount of money, which can enhance the profits of the company【语义重复删除】. However, the lecturer refutes that the company will not only spend more money on training employees and their medical benefits but also will pay for extra space and computers due to new workers. Thus company’s profits will not **~~added up~~** as employees **choose** the four-day week.

as + 句子

Moreover, the author believes that the unemployment rate will be lowered by this change because people working less time will provide more workload for jobless people（需要简化句子）. On the contrary, the lecturer rebuts that this change will raise the manager’s expectation，which will lead to working overtime and letting workers to finish five-days workload in four days. Hence, those people without job still can not get the chance.

Finally, the author put forwards that this change is helpful for employees to pay more time on their personal lives with families or personal interests. Instead, the lecturer retorts that（+主题句） this will decrease peoples' ability to take advanced careers which makes them easy to be passed over in the academic downturn as the manager prefer the five-day employees.


the surest indicator of a great nation is represented not by the general welfare of its people